28 September 1998 - By Great_BoBaFeTT
This file contains a list of the codes that are used within the trainer.
Most of these are for Diablo 1.05, but some are also for 1.07 and other
versions of Diablo.
The built in hacks contains all codes that I've written.  Not a single code
in this program for Diablo was written by anyone else but myself. 
This is the most comprehensive cheat program available for Diablo
for any version that I'm aware of.
Written by : Great_BoBaFeTT aka BoBaFeTT level 37 sorcerer

Before I begin, I must say that battle.net is the place on this
planet that I've seen the most liars combined in one location.
Only believe those who can prove what they're telling, not those
that just talk crap.  A lot of them are very jealous of me and
talk about virii and trojans.  They are liars and you can prove it
by using any virus scanner you like on my software.  I even post
on my web page the links to the virus scanners so that you can
be protected from such nasty computer programs.  The very people
that spread lies about me are the ones that post on their web
pages these bad things.  I've seen so many liars on battle.net,
it's astounding.  I've met players I've killed that won't admit
it and will lie and say they've killed me.  I've met players
that make up a phony ear (easy to do with this Trainer
and a hex editor on a .itm file).  I've met players that keep
talking about the cow level when there is no such thing.  I've
met players that continue to say that Diablo's Plate is really
a plate and not an ear (hacked).  I've met players who say
they're not cheating, when they know they are with Diablo
Hacking Utility or this program.  battle.net is a
place where a lot of players will lie about just anything.
I'm not saying that I'm a saint, but just be observant and you
can find which players are telling the lies.  If a player
cannot prove what he's telling you, then it's more than likely
a lie.

All of the hacks that are noted to have been written by me
were in fact done this way.  If you see a hack somewhere else
that looks identical to ones here, then more than likely,
they have taken it from this .dat file.

If you want to learn to hack, the best thing is to learn
Intel Assembly language - Happy hacking!

Explanation of the cheats used in the BoBaFeTT trainer:

God Mode from players:
This prevents a player from hurting you with any means including
spells, hit damage, etc.
Written by the Great BoBaFeTT on 10 June 1998

God Mode from monsters:
This prevents a monster (creature) from hurting you with any
means including spells, hit damage, etc.

Godly mana: (Like god mode but with mana shield)
This prevents a player or creature from hurting you when
you have mana shield on.  It also allows you to cast spells
without losing any mana.

Get All Spells:
This is much better than "Spells to skills" because you can
see the damage when you bring up your spell book and you get
all spells available.  Along with the mana lock, this is the
best combination of spells.  Some of the spells you see in
the spell book when this is active will not do anything.
It must be because Blizzard has them available for expansion
in the game.

Spell level 38 total:
This is about the highest you can do damage to other players
with fireball.  Although other spells will still work, it's
the fireball that works the best at this level.  About the
highest you can use for your spells is 38 because anything higher
will prevent you from damaging other players.

Allow level 1 - 99:
This one allows you to store your level for each player from
1 to 99.  The advantage of using this one over the next one is
that you can have different characters at different levels and
the levels don't change when you enter a game.

Dupe items:
Automatic duplicating of items in your INV
All you do is pick up an item in your INV and then touch an
empty slot and the item appears again on your cursor.

Unlimited Belt:
This allows you to use the potions on your belt and they stay
there after it's been used.

Reveal Invisibility:
Although invisibility, ghost mode, or what Blizzard calls
invalid players doesn't harm you, this will allow you to see
those players that try to come into your game using that code

Fastest Hit Recovery:
When you're hit by someone or a creature, you recover the fastest
using this one.

Equip anything anywhere:
Allows any item such as axes to be put on your ring location

BoBaFeTT's Auto Kill - Heal Other:
This does NOT harm god mode or godly mana w/mana shield on.
The maximum Life and Mana this takes away is right at 3000 because
Blizzard has a restriction in the amount a player can be
damaged by another player.  In fact, I use that same restriction
mechanism in my God Mode code to simply not be damaged regardless
of whether it's over 3000 or not.  All you do is cast Heal Other on
another player and this takes away the maximum damage to that
player.  He will die instantly if he doesn't have any hacks.  hehe.

Prevent Item Crash from other player:
There is a method to crash a Diablo game by dropping an
item that has been modified with a hex editor.  I won't tell
how the item is modified, but this prevents your game from
crashing by the other player when that modified item is dropped.
This will change the bad item to a Heart that you cannot pick up.
The Heart displays as an EAR but says "Heart" on it.
So when you see a heart in the game with no name to it and
you cannot pick it up, then you know the other player
attempted to crash you with this method.

Prevent right click of Item that crashes:
If you have the item in your INV that crashes the game and
you accidentally right click it, this will stop your game
from crashing.

Don't lose life when cast Bone Spirit:
While I was looking into my Auto Kill God Mode players,
I ran across a few methods to prevent yourself from losing
life.  This is one of them.

Don't lose life when touch fire:
This is the second one so far that I found to prevent
losing life when I was looking for my Auto Kill God Mode
The fire mentioned here is on the crosses you see at various
places in the game.  If you go into them, your character makes
really funny hurting sounds and loses 1 point of Life (HP).
This prevents that loss of 1 point which other codes don't
prevent.  hehehe

Don't lose life when cast Blood Star:
Third one I've found while working on my Auto Kill God Mode.
All you do is not lose any life like you would normally do when you
cast Blood Star.

Prevent loss of mana when hit Sacred shrine:
If you accidentally hit the Sacred Shrine, this will stop your
mana from going down.

Prevent loss of a spell level when hit Enchanted Shrine:
If you accidentally hit the Enchanted Shrine, this will stop
the spell from going down.
Changed on 30 March 1998 so that if you had one spell level,
this would still work and not change it.  I found this out when
I was making my hacks for Hellfire.  hehe.

Prevent loss of durability when hit Hidden Shrine:
This fixes the bug (still existing in 1.04) that hangs your
computer when you have all items with indestructible durability
and you hit the Hidden Shrine.
Also prevents loss of durability on any item.

Set Hot Keys to Spells:
This is very useful if you use hot keys (function keys)
for spells.  This allows you to set your hot keys automatically
when you enter a game.  It saves on time for each time you
enter a game.  It works by setting location 49a8ac to
the values of the spell to hot key you want.  For example,
I use F5 for Bone Spirit, F6 for Nova,
F7 for Teleport and F8 for Fireball.  Blood Star=23
Bone Spirit=24, Teleport=17, Fireball=0C
This was written by the Great BoBaFeTT on 13 June 1998
Just set location 49a8ac to the value of the spell for the
Hot Key you want.  It always goes in order of F5 to F8.
Here is the complete list of spells and their hex values that you
would use:
2b - Reflect
2a - Warp
29 - Immolation
28 - Lightning Wall
24 - Bone Spirit
23 - Blood Star
22 - Heal Other
21 - Telekinesis
20 - Resurrect
1F - Holy Bolt
1E - Charged Bolt
1D - Elemental
1C - Trap Disarm
1B - Staff Recharge
1A - Item Repair
19 - Etherealize
18 - Apocalypse
17 - Teleport
16 - Rage
15 - Golem
14 - Inferno
13 - Invisibility
12 - Nova
11 - Blood Ritual
10 - Doom Serpents
0F - Flame Wave
0E - Chain Lightning
0D - Guardian
0C - Fireball
0B - Mana Shield
0A - Phasing
09 - Infravision
08 - Stone Curse
07 - Town Portal
06 - Firwall
05 - Identify
04 - Flash
03 - Lightning
02 - Healing
01 - Firebolt

Set the current spell when enter game:
Tired of setting the current spell when you enter each game?
This sets it for you so that you don't have to keep setting it.
At 49a8c6 is the number of the spell you want to set to.
I use Infravision as my default spell so 09 is the value there.

Set Player Attack on when enter game:
This ensures that when you enter a game, your set for
Player Attack instead of Player Friendly.

Set map on when enter game:
This will automatically set your map on
(name of the game and password displayed automatically)
So you don't have to press TAB each time you enter a game.

Pick up extended ASCII ears:
This will allow you to pick up Extended ASCII ears!
Now those idiots that use Extended ASCII in their names
can't prevent you from getting their ear!  hehe!

Always have Rogue's ability to see traps:
This allows a Sorcerer or Warrior to see that a box
has a trap just like the Rogue can.

Display Dungeon Level of player when speak:
This is really cool.  Written by the Great BoBaFeTT on 10 June 1998
This hack will display the dungeon level of the player when they
type instead of character's level.
This is excellent for PK's.

BoBaFeTT's Editor:
This is a simple editor that does everything you need to truly kill anyone on battle.net
Works in both Windows 95 and Windows NT as all my hacks for Diablo do.
/0	will turn the picked up ear into that of player 0 - With a real ear that can be picked up
/1	will turn the picked up ear into that of player 1 - and level matches and class matches
/2	will turn the picked up ear into that of player 2 - correctly.  You will see the graphic
/3	will turn the picked up ear into that of player 3 - change when you drop it in your INV or ground
/c	will turn the picked up item to a crash item - New method of crash - others have no protection

BoBaFeTT's AK Everyone - Blood Star:
The moment you enter a level and you execute blood star with this active,
all players without god mode or godly mana with mana shield on will
die unless they have very high life or mana.  It doesn't matter where
they are on the level!  This is a VERY good way of finding out if
the other player is using God Mode before they have a chance to hit you.
The maximum life and mana this takes away is about 2900 because
Blizzard has some restriction in the amount a player can be
damaged by another player

Prevent stats modification when other player hits Shrine:
Fourth one found while working on Auto Kill God Mode
Some shrines like the Tainted Shrine will cause your stats
to change when another player hits them.  This stops that.

Prevent 2nd type of item crash:
There are two ways of crashing the game with an invalid item.
This prevents the second method from crashing your game.  The second
method actually uses a number for the item which results in 0 for
the index to the display of the name for the item.  To prevent you
from crashing, you will see text in the item as "Bounty Hunter"
or "Deadly Hunter" so you'll know it was a bad item that would have
crashed your game.  The problem is that should you pick up that item,
you will have it with you until you reload another character.
Even if you drop the bad item, for some reason, it stays with you and
you will in turn, crash other players games.  To stop crashing
others, you must load in another character with a trainer or use
a restore of the multi-player character file.
This works in both Windows 95 and Windows NT

Change name of your dropped ear:
This will change the name of your ear dropped when you die.
You can make it anything you want.  Including no name at all
or Extended ASCII.  Just change the hex staring at 4b0f48.
Pad with 00's if you're making the text shorter.  The last
character on that line in this dat doesn't have to be 00 because
the next character in memory is 00.
You're limited to 15 characters with this hack.  If you make
it longer than that, you may crash.

Auto Kill God Mode:
My famous God Mode Kill
This uses the Bone Spirit spell to kill god mode players in the
game.  All you have to do is cast the spell and when it hits the
player, they are dead no matter what cheats they have on.
NOTE: For this to work, YOU MUST HAVE the AK Everyone - Blood Star hack turned on!
You must also have certain items in your INV.  Don't send a message
to me about what the items are.  You will need to figure this out
on your own.  I'm not going to tell you.  If I did, everyone would know.

Anti -_Soulburner_- crash #2
Along with the other crash prenvention codes, this will prevent
ALL known crash methods in your game by other players.
HAHAHAHA - -_Soulburner_- is history with his puny little hacks
Next time dude, write something a little more difficult to
crack.  This shows how easy your stuff is to crack.  When you
start writing games, I'll crack into all of them and give them
all to my friends and post them on the Internet!
This was written by the Great BoBaFeTT on 25 July 1998
Modified on 7 August 1998 for -_Soulburner_-'s foolish attempts

Invisibility (Ghost Mode) - No harm to other players:
Although you can't harm other players, they won't know
you're there when this is activated!

Allow Duplicate Items in Game:
This still gives other players the message that a duplicate
item has been deleted.
not complete, you can only pick up duplicate item if it is
already equipped, not in inventory

Leech - Make others think you're dead:
Your HP can go to 0, but you won't die.
Also known as Walking Corpse Mode
Unlike ghost mode, you can do damage to other players
while invisible using this hack.  Players will not see you
if they were not on your level when you died to activate,
kill yourself you may not change levels once you activate
this hack.  This is also known as walking corpse

Townspell (Townkill) no player damage:
Although you can teleport around town you cannot do any damage
to other players unless they have this turned on as well.
Other players will get a message "xxx cast an illegal spell" and
they'll immediately know you're cheating when you use it.
The best thing is to not use it at all.  Blizzard did a great
job on removing Townkill in 1.03, 1.04, 1.05 and 1.07.

Spells to Skills:
Because you're using All Spells and Mana Lock, you really
don't need this.  In addition, if you use this, you can't
see the damage your spells do in the spell book.

Unlimited (95000) gold (Shows up in Diablo's eye):
I don't recommend this because Diablo's Eye shows
you're cheating in chat

Prevent 3rd type of item crash
There is yet another method of crashing a game with an
item and this prevents that method of crashing the game.
This was written by the Great BoBaFeTT on 4 October 1998

Prevent Crash With Msg:1 Error
This prevents your game from crashing when someone tries
this in a multiplayer game.

Prevent Crash If You Leave The Level
This prevents your game from crashing when someone tries
to crash you while in a multiplayer game and you leave
the level.

Prevent Crash Because Of Spell Crashes
This is a patch that prevents your game from crashing
when someone tries to do the spell crash on you in
a multiplayer game.

Prevent Crash Because Of The Res Crash
This is a patch that prevents your game from crashing
when someone tries to do the Res crash on you in
a multiplayer game.

Prevent Crash Because Of Too Many Items
If you have too many items in your INV, you will crash
sometimes.  This prevents that from happening.

You Can Attack In Town
This is NOT town Kill.  This just allows you to attack
another player while in town.

Join Game By The Fountain
When you start the game either by joining or by creating
one, you start in the middle of town instead of at the
bottom.

Always See Monster Hit Points
Some monsters you won't see the hit points for.  This
allows you to always see them.

Always See Monster Resistances
Some monsters you won't see the resistance for.  This
allows you to always see it.

Walk Through Walls
This really should be called "Walk through everything"
because it allows you to walk anywhere on the map in
town or in the dungeon.

Finish Game(kill any monster)
Kill any monster then boom u killed diablo and go to cutscene!
You get the dots too.  hehe.

Play Diablo/Hellfire off your HD
------------------------------------------------------------
				Instructions
     1. BoBaFeTT's NOTE: THIS CRACK WORKED JUST FINE FOR ME WITHOUT COPYING
        THE ORIGINAL STORM.DLL FILE; THESE INSTRUCTIONS ARE PRESERVED IN THEIR
        ORIGINAL STATE, WITH MINOR MODIFICATIONS FOR ARCHIVAL PURPOSES ONLY: 
        THE INSTRUCTIONS FOLLOWING ARE ESSENTIAL FOR THE CRACK TO WORK PROPERLY: 

     2. Copy the file DIABDAT.MPQ (520Mb) to the ROOT DIRECTORY of 
        any drive (i.e. C:\).
     3. Run the program REGEDIT.
     4. Once you get into REGEDIT, move down throught the tree:

 HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE 
 SOFTWARE 
 Blizzard Entertainment 
 Archives 

	5. Open the Archives folder. On the right side you will see:

 (default) 
 DiabloCD 
 DiabloInstall 

	6. Just change the "DiabloCD" value by highlighting, selecting 
	   Edit/Modify (BoBaFeTT's NOTE, DOUBLE CLICKING ON THE "DiabloCD" VALUE
        WILL ALSO OPEN A WINDOW WITHIN WHICH YOU CAN MAKE THIS MODIFICATION), 
        then just put where the DIABDAT.MPQ is located (i.e. C:\).
	7. Now run Diablo wihtout the CD in.
     8. When it asks for the CD, switch over to Diablo Hacking Utility,
        and open this dat-file.
     9. Now, activate the "Play Diablo/Hellfire off hard drive" option.
     10. Switch back to the game and click OKAY on the screen where it 
	    asks you for the CD.
------------------------------------------------------------

Great_BoBaFeTT@hotmail.com
http://www.greatbobafett.com

